# Infographics-ARGTech-Honours-Project
The Argument Web has been developed at the Centre for Argument Technology (ARG-tech) at the University of Dundee as an integrated infrastructure of argument technologies and datasets. The argumentation and debate datasets curated by ARG-tech are the largest in the world. Our software has an international userbase in industry, academy and education alike. We have recently acquired a 55” multi-touch digital e-poster which is permanently set up in the corridors of the QMB. We intend to use the touch display to visualise and interact with elements of the Argument Web – such as real-time infographics summarising the current usage of the tools and databases, the arguments people are making and analysing, the debates being hosted, and so on. This project will involve both the data aggregation and analysis and the infographic design and creation for communicating up-to-the-second activity.  

The student will work as a part of ARG-tech, an internationally recognised team of interdisciplinary researchers. ARG-tech has built a reputation on balancing high quality theoretical research with robust and reliable software engineering. Our software is in use in thousands of schools, colleges and universities in over 80 countries around the world. We work with lawyers, magistrates, intelligence analysts, Ministry of Defence, mediators, educators, the BBC, companies, and data mining experts in IBM to explore deep challenges in artificial intelligence framed by the way in which real and very sophisticated arguments and debates are developed in demanding domains. Students with ARG-tech work as part of the team, and are invited to join research activities, including weekly reading groups and discussions.  The project will combine data analysis with infographic design and presentation and will be a key part of ARG-tech’s public engagement and communication strategy.

Skills the student will develop 
- Experience with argumentation structures and analysis, with semantic web representation and processing technologies, including XML, RDF, OWL, scalable and federated database technologies. 
- Experience in the design and assembly of visually arresting infographic components, and touch interfaces. 
- In addition, optionally, experience techniques in computational linguistics, text mining and information extraction. 

Industrial Relevance 
	We are working with users and major players in domains such as law, media and Defence, and the tools we are building are regularly demonstrated to groups within these domains. In addition to acquiring relevant skills, there are possibilities for the student to be exposed to potential employers through the work conducted on this project.
